Ensure all connections are closed on failure (#152)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-jdbc: doc/changes/changes_11.0.2.md

# Virtual Schema Common JDBC 11.0.2, released 2023-??-??

Code name:

> ## Summary

Reviewer: Please add release date, code name & summary

Author: Done

## Features

> * #151: Ensure all connections are closed on failure, fix connection factory creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #151: Ensured all connections are closed on failure, fixed connection factory creation
```
We use past tense for changelog entries

# Virtual Schema Common JDBC 11.0.2, released 2023-09-15

> Code name: fix in jdbc connection management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code name: Fix in JDBC connection management
```
This will become the title of the GitHub release, e.g. https://github.com/exasol/virtual-schema-common-jdbc/releases/tag/11.0.1
